https://companies.com/Wal-Mart Stores
https://companies.com/Exxon Mobil
https://companies.com/Chevron
https://companies.com/Berkshire Hathaway
https://companies.com/Apple
https://companies.com/Phillips 66
https://companies.com/General Motors
https://companies.com/Ford Motor
https://companies.com/General Electric
https://companies.com/Valero Energy
https://companies.com/AT&T
https://companies.com/CVS Caremark
https://companies.com/Fannie Mae
https://companies.com/UnitedHealth Group
https://companies.com/McKesson
https://companies.com/Verizon Communications
https://companies.com/Hewlett-Packard
https://companies.com/J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.
https://companies.com/Costco Wholesale
https://companies.com/Express Scripts Holding
https://companies.com/Bank of America
https://companies.com/Cardinal Health
https://companies.com/International Business Machines
https://companies.com/Kroger
https://companies.com/Marathon Petroleum
https://companies.com/Citigroup
https://companies.com/Archer Daniels Midland
https://companies.com/AmerisourceBergen
https://companies.com/Wells Fargo
https://companies.com/Boeing
https://companies.com/Procter & Gamble
https://companies.com/Freddie Mac
https://companies.com/Home Depot
https://companies.com/Microsoft
https://companies.com/Amazon.com
https://companies.com/Target
https://companies.com/Walgreen Co.
https://companies.com/WellPoint
https://companies.com/Johnson & Johnson
https://companies.com/American International Group
https://companies.com/State Farm Insurance Cos.
https://companies.com/MetLife
https://companies.com/PepsiCo
https://companies.com/Comcast
https://companies.com/United Technologies
https://companies.com/Google
https://companies.com/ConocoPhillips
https://companies.com/Dow Chemical
https://companies.com/Caterpillar
https://companies.com/United Parcel Service
https://companies.com/Pfizer
https://companies.com/Lowe’s Companies
https://companies.com/Intel Corporation
https://companies.com/Energy Transfer Equity L.P.
https://companies.com/Cisco Systems Inc.
https://companies.com/Enterprise Products Partners L.P.
https://companies.com/Aetna Inc.
https://companies.com/The Coca-Cola Company
https://companies.com/Lockheed Martin Corporation
https://companies.com/Best Buy Co. Inc.
https://companies.com/The Walt Disney Company
https://companies.com/CHS Inc.
https://companies.com/Sysco Corporation
https://companies.com/FedEx Corporation
https://companies.com/Merck & Co. Inc.
https://companies.com/INTL FCStone Inc.
https://companies.com/Safeway Inc.
https://companies.com/Johnson Controls Inc.
https://companies.com/Ingram Micro Inc.
https://companies.com/Plains GP Holdings L.P.
https://companies.com/World Fuel Services Corporation
https://companies.com/Prudential Financial Inc.
https://companies.com/Humana Inc.
https://companies.com/The Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
https://companies.com/Tesoro Corporation
https://companies.com/Liberty Mutual Holding Company Inc.
https://companies.com/Honeywell International Inc.
https://companies.com/United Continental Holdings Inc.
https://companies.com/HCA Holdings Inc.
https://companies.com/Deere & Company
https://companies.com/Delta Air Lines Inc.
https://companies.com/Oracle Corporation
https://companies.com/Morgan Stanley
https://companies.com/Hess Corporation
https://companies.com/Twenty-First Century Fox Inc.
https://companies.com/E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company
https://companies.com/Sears Holdings Corporation
https://companies.com/New York Life Insurance Company
https://companies.com/Mondelez International Inc.
https://companies.com/American Express Company
https://companies.com/Nationwide Mutual Insurance Co.
https://companies.com/The Allstate Corporation
https://companies.com/Tyson Foods Inc.
https://companies.com/Supervalu Inc.
https://companies.com/TIAA-CREF
https://companies.com/Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company
https://companies.com/CIGNA Corporation
https://companies.com/DIRECTV
https://companies.com/General Dynamics Corporation
https://companies.com/Philip Morris International Inc.
https://companies.com/3M Company
https://companies.com/Time Warner Inc.
https://companies.com/Halliburton Company
https://companies.com/Publix Super Markets Inc.
https://companies.com/International Paper Company
https://companies.com/McDonald’s Corporation
https://companies.com/Macy’s Inc.
https://companies.com/The TJX Companies Inc.
https://companies.com/Fluor Corporation
https://companies.com/Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance CompanyInc.
https://companies.com/Tech Data Corporation
https://companies.com/American Airlines Group Inc.
https://companies.com/The Hartford Financial Services Group Inc.
https://companies.com/The Travelers Companies Inc.
https://companies.com/Nike Inc.
https://companies.com/Occidental Petroleum Corporation
https://companies.com/Avnet Inc.
https://companies.com/Rite Aid Corporation
https://companies.com/Exelon Corporation
https://companies.com/Qualcomm Incorporated
https://companies.com/Emerson Electric Co.
https://companies.com/Northrop Grumman Corporation
https://companies.com/Duke Energy Corporation
https://companies.com/Capital One Financial Corporation
https://companies.com/Aflac Incorporated
https://companies.com/Raytheon Company
https://companies.com/Staples Inc.
https://companies.com/EMC Corporation
https://companies.com/Eli Lilly and Company
https://companies.com/Alcoa Inc.
https://companies.com/National Oilwell Varco Inc.
https://companies.com/Baker Hughes Incorporated
https://companies.com/US Foods Inc.
https://companies.com/Time Warner Cable Inc.
https://companies.com/Union Pacific Corporation
https://companies.com/Abbott Laboratories
https://companies.com/Xerox Corporation
https://companies.com/Arrow Electronics Inc
https://companies.com/Kimberly-Clark Corporation
https://companies.com/U.S. Bancorp
https://companies.com/United Services Automobile Association
https://companies.com/Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc.
https://companies.com/Icahn Enterprises L.P.
https://companies.com/ManpowerGroup Inc.
https://companies.com/HollyFrontier Corporation
https://companies.com/Global Partners LP
https://companies.com/The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company
https://companies.com/PBF Energy Inc.
https://companies.com/Danaher Corporation
https://companies.com/Nucor Corporation
https://companies.com/Kohl’s Corporation
https://companies.com/AbbVie Inc.
https://companies.com/Whirlpool Corporation
https://companies.com/Amgen Inc.
https://companies.com/Jabil Circuit Inc.
https://companies.com/Kraft Foods Group Inc.
https://companies.com/The Progressive Corporation
https://companies.com/CenturyLink Inc.
https://companies.com/General Mills Inc.
https://companies.com/Southwest Airlines Co.
https://companies.com/Altria Group Inc.
https://companies.com/AutoNation Inc.
https://companies.com/Chesapeake Energy Corporation
https://companies.com/Dollar General Corporation
https://companies.com/TRW Automotive Holdings Corp.
https://companies.com/United States Steel Corporation
https://companies.com/Colgate-Palmolive Company
https://companies.com/Cummins Inc.
https://companies.com/PACCAR Inc
https://companies.com/The Southern Company
https://companies.com/Illinois Tool Works Inc.
https://companies.com/The PNC Financial Services Group Inc.
https://companies.com/Medtronic Inc.
https://companies.com/The AES Corporation
https://companies.com/Murphy USA Inc.
https://companies.com/Bristol-Myers Squibb Company
https://companies.com/Lear Corporation
https://companies.com/The Gap Inc.
https://companies.com/Apache Corporation
https://companies.com/eBay Inc.
https://companies.com/The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation
https://companies.com/CBS Corporation
https://companies.com/PG&E Corporation
https://companies.com/ConAgra Foods Inc.
https://companies.com/Computer Sciences Corporation
https://companies.com/American Electric Power Company Inc.
https://companies.com/Western Digital Corporation
https://companies.com/Marathon Oil Corporation
https://companies.com/Baxter International Inc.
https://companies.com/PPG Industries Inc.
https://companies.com/NextEra Energy Inc.
https://companies.com/Community Health Systems Inc.
https://companies.com/Loews Corporation
https://companies.com/Penske Automotive Group Inc.
https://companies.com/FirstEnergy Corp.
https://companies.com/Starbucks Corporation
https://companies.com/Monsanto Company
https://companies.com/Kellogg Company
https://companies.com/Land O’Lakes Inc.
https://companies.com/ONEOK Inc.
https://companies.com/Omnicom Group Inc.
https://companies.com/Anadarko Petroleum Corporation
https://companies.com/EOG Resources Inc.
https://companies.com/DISH Network Corporation
https://companies.com/Genuine Parts Company
https://companies.com/Kinder Morgan Inc.
https://companies.com/Waste Management Inc.
https://companies.com/The Chubb Corporation
https://companies.com/Aramark Holdings Corporation
https://companies.com/Viacom Inc.
https://companies.com/Las Vegas Sands Corp.
https://companies.com/Dominion Resources Inc.
https://companies.com/Ecolab Inc.
https://companies.com/Smithfield Foods Inc.
https://companies.com/Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.
https://companies.com/Yum! Brands Inc.
https://companies.com/Parker-Hannifin Corporation
https://companies.com/Whole Foods Market Inc.
https://companies.com/Marriott International Inc.
https://companies.com/C. H. Robinson Worldwide Inc.
https://companies.com/L-3 Communications Holdings Inc.
https://companies.com/Edison International
https://companies.com/Toys R Us Inc.
https://companies.com/Nordstrom Inc.
https://companies.com/Consolidated Edison Inc.
https://companies.com/Marsh & McLennan Companies Inc.
https://companies.com/Texas Instruments Incorporated
https://companies.com/Textron Inc.
https://companies.com/Tenet Healthcare Corporation
https://companies.com/DaVita HealthCare Partners Inc.
https://companies.com/CSX Corporation
https://companies.com/Lincoln National Corporation
https://companies.com/Praxair Inc.
https://companies.com/PPL Corporation
https://companies.com/J.C. Penney Company Inc.
https://companies.com/Peter Kiewit Sons’ Inc.
https://companies.com/Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.
https://companies.com/Visa Inc.
https://companies.com/H.J. Heinz Company
https://companies.com/CarMax Inc.
https://companies.com/V.F. Corporation
https://companies.com/Entergy Corporation
https://companies.com/Automatic Data Processing Inc.
https://companies.com/NRG Energy Inc.
https://companies.com/Guardian Life Ins. Co. of America
https://companies.com/Liberty Interactive Corporation
https://companies.com/Norfolk Southern Corporation
https://companies.com/Office Depot Inc.
https://companies.com/Ameriprise Financial Inc.
https://companies.com/Gilead Sciences Inc.
https://companies.com/Centene Corporation
https://companies.com/Leucadia National Corporation
https://companies.com/Huntsman Corporation
https://companies.com/Health Net Inc.
https://companies.com/Stanley Black & Decker Inc.
https://companies.com/URS Corporation
https://companies.com/Xcel Energy Inc.
https://companies.com/Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.
https://companies.com/Navistar International Corporation
https://companies.com/Synnex Corporation
https://companies.com/First Data Corporation
https://companies.com/AGCO Corporation
https://companies.com/L Brands Inc.
https://companies.com/Hertz Global Holdings Inc.
https://companies.com/CDW Corporation
https://companies.com/CST Brands Inc.
https://companies.com/Sempra Energy
https://companies.com/R.R. Donnelley & Sons Company
https://companies.com/BB&T Corporation
https://companies.com/Devon Energy Corporation
https://companies.com/Family Dollar Stores Inc.
https://companies.com/Unum Group
https://companies.com/Ally Financial Inc.
https://companies.com/Reinsurance Group of America Incorporated
https://companies.com/State Street Corporation
https://companies.com/Air Products & Chemicals Inc.
https://companies.com/Ross Stores Inc.
https://companies.com/The Sherwin-Williams Company
https://companies.com/The Estée Lauder Companies Inc.
https://companies.com/BlackRock Inc.
https://companies.com/Western Refining Inc.
https://companies.com/Avon Products Inc.
https://companies.com/The Mosaic Company
https://companies.com/Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated
https://companies.com/Dean Foods Company
https://companies.com/Cameron International Corporation
https://companies.com/MGM Resorts International
https://companies.com/KKR & Co. L.P.
https://companies.com/Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc.
https://companies.com/DTE Energy Company
https://companies.com/Genworth Financial Inc.
https://companies.com/Henry Schein Inc.
https://companies.com/Rock-Tenn Company
https://companies.com/WellCare Health Plans Inc.
https://companies.com/W.W. Grainger Inc.
https://companies.com/Discover Financial Services
https://companies.com/Eastman Chemical Company
https://companies.com/Principal Financial Group Inc.
https://companies.com/Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co.
https://companies.com/AutoZone Inc.
https://companies.com/Dover Corporation
https://companies.com/Micron Technology Inc.
https://companies.com/Owens & Minor Inc.
https://companies.com/Assurant Inc.
https://companies.com/GameStop Corp.
https://companies.com/Stryker Corporation
https://companies.com/Group 1 Automotive Inc.
https://companies.com/Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation
https://companies.com/Sonic Automotive Inc.
https://companies.com/Autoliv Inc.
https://companies.com/Hormel Foods Corporation
https://companies.com/Motorola Solutions Inc.
https://companies.com/Crown Holdings Inc.
https://companies.com/SunTrust Banks Inc.
https://companies.com/Campbell Soup Company
https://companies.com/Fidelity National Financial Inc.
https://companies.com/HD Supply Holdings Inc.
https://companies.com/Caesars Entertainment Corporation
https://companies.com/Darden Restaurants Inc.
https://companies.com/Weyerhaeuser Company
https://companies.com/Ball Corporation
https://companies.com/Precision Castparts Corp.
https://companies.com/Masco Corporation
https://companies.com/Universal Health Services Inc.
https://companies.com/Republic Services Inc.
https://companies.com/MasterCard Incorporated
https://companies.com/Newmont Mining Corporation
https://companies.com/Broadcom Corporation
https://companies.com/Reynolds American Inc.
https://companies.com/PVH Corp.
https://companies.com/Charter Communications Inc.
https://companies.com/AECOM Technology Corporation
https://companies.com/CenterPoint Energy Inc.
https://companies.com/Pacific Life
https://companies.com/Thrivent Financial for Lutherans
https://companies.com/Becton Dickinson and Company
https://companies.com/Franklin Resources Inc.
https://companies.com/Tenneco Inc.
https://companies.com/TravelCenters of America LLC
https://companies.com/Avis Budget Group Inc.
https://companies.com/Facebook Inc.
https://companies.com/Dollar Tree Inc.
https://companies.com/Corning Incorporated
https://companies.com/Ashland Inc.
https://companies.com/Sealed Air Corporation
https://companies.com/Core-Mark Holding Company Inc.
https://companies.com/Oshkosh Corporation
https://companies.com/Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc.
https://companies.com/WESCO International Inc.
https://companies.com/Applied Materials Inc.
https://companies.com/Visteon Corporation
https://companies.com/BorgWarner Inc.
https://companies.com/Spectrum Group International Inc.
https://companies.com/Oaktree Capital Group LLC
https://companies.com/Steel Dynamics Inc.
https://companies.com/Jarden Corporation
https://companies.com/Mohawk Industries Inc.
https://companies.com/Terex Corporation
https://companies.com/Northeast Utilities
https://companies.com/KBR Inc.
https://companies.com/Fifth Third Bancorp
https://companies.com/UGI Corporation
https://companies.com/CBRE Group Inc.
https://companies.com/Quest Diagnostics Incorporated
https://companies.com/Peabody Energy Corporation
https://companies.com/The Hershey Company
https://companies.com/Boston Scientific Corporation
https://companies.com/FMC Technologies Inc.
https://companies.com/The Interpublic Group of Companies Inc.
https://companies.com/Commercial Metals Company
https://companies.com/The Pantry Inc.
https://companies.com/Owens-Illinois Inc.
https://companies.com/American Family Ins. Group
https://companies.com/Ralph Lauren Corporation
https://companies.com/Biogen Idec Inc.
https://companies.com/PetSmart Inc.
https://companies.com/Mylan Inc.
https://companies.com/Symantec Corporation
https://companies.com/Ameren Corporation
https://companies.com/The Williams Companies Inc.
https://companies.com/Barnes & Noble Inc.
https://companies.com/Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc.
https://companies.com/The Priceline Group Inc.
https://companies.com/Agilent Technologies Inc.
https://companies.com/Dana Holding Corporation
https://companies.com/Dillard’s Inc.
https://companies.com/Seaboard Corporation
https://companies.com/Vanguard Health Systems Inc.
https://companies.com/Casey’s General Stores Inc.
https://companies.com/O’Reilly Automotive Inc.
https://companies.com/The Blackstone Group L.P.
https://companies.com/Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company
https://companies.com/Molina Healthcare Inc.
https://companies.com/CMS Energy Corporation
https://companies.com/Targa Resources Corp.
https://companies.com/Quanta Services Inc.
https://companies.com/Cablevision Systems Corporation
https://companies.com/Avery Dennison Corporation
https://companies.com/Celanese Corporation
https://companies.com/Foot Locker Inc.
https://companies.com/Celgene Corporation
https://companies.com/Advance Auto Parts Inc.
https://companies.com/Mattel Inc.
https://companies.com/Live Nation Entertainment Inc.
https://companies.com/General Cable Corporation
https://companies.com/Ryder System Inc.
https://companies.com/EMCOR Group Inc.
https://companies.com/Allergan Inc.
https://companies.com/W.R. Berkley Corporation
https://companies.com/Rockwell Automation Inc.
https://companies.com/NetApp Inc.
https://companies.com/Ingredion Incorporated
https://companies.com/Level 3 Communications Inc.
https://companies.com/Calpine Corporation
https://companies.com/Omnicare Inc.
https://companies.com/Erie Insurance Group
https://companies.com/SLM Corporation
https://companies.com/D.R. Horton Inc.
https://companies.com/CC Media Holdings Inc.
https://companies.com/Anixter International Inc.
https://companies.com/Dick’s Sporting Goods Inc.
https://companies.com/SanDisk Corporation
https://companies.com/NCR Corporation
https://companies.com/Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc.
https://companies.com/Expeditors International of Washington Inc.
https://companies.com/Fidelity National Information Services Inc.
https://companies.com/United Natural Foods Inc.
https://companies.com/Auto-Owners Insurance Group
https://companies.com/Windstream Holdings Inc.
https://companies.com/Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc.
https://companies.com/Lennar Corporation
https://companies.com/Sanmina
https://companies.com/Harley-Davidson Inc.
https://companies.com/CONSOL Energy Inc.
https://companies.com/The J.M. Smucker Company
https://companies.com/Newell Rubbermaid Inc.
https://companies.com/CH2M HILL Companies Ltd.
https://companies.com/Energy Future Holdings Corp.
https://companies.com/Susser Holdings Corporation
https://companies.com/Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings
https://companies.com/Kindred Healthcare Inc.
https://companies.com/Leidos Holdings Inc.
https://companies.com/Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corp.
https://companies.com/The Jones Financial CompaniesL.L.L.P.
https://companies.com/Cliffs Natural Resources Inc.
https://companies.com/PulteGroup Inc.
https://companies.com/Regions Financial Corporation
https://companies.com/NiSource Inc.
https://companies.com/Graybar Electric Company Inc.
https://companies.com/Integrys Energy Group Inc.
https://companies.com/The Clorox Company
https://companies.com/Wynn Resorts Limited
https://companies.com/The Andersons Inc.
https://companies.com/J.B. Hunt Transport Services Inc.
https://companies.com/AK Steel Holding Corporation
https://companies.com/Harbinger Group Inc.
https://companies.com/MeadWestvaco Corporation
https://companies.com/The Western Union Company
https://companies.com/The Charles Schwab Corporation
https://companies.com/Discovery Communications Inc.
https://companies.com/Spectra Energy Corp
https://companies.com/St. Jude Medical Inc.
https://companies.com/CF Industries Holdings Inc.
https://companies.com/Con-way Inc.
https://companies.com/Old Republic International Corporation
https://companies.com/JetBlue Airways Corporation
https://companies.com/Calumet Specialty Products Partners L.P.
https://companies.com/Kelly Services Inc.
https://companies.com/Domtar Corporation
https://companies.com/Murphy Oil Corporation
https://companies.com/Harris Corporation
https://companies.com/Asbury Automotive Group Inc.
https://companies.com/Big Lots Inc.
https://companies.com/Advanced Micro Devices Inc.
https://companies.com/Owens Corning
https://companies.com/Realogy Holdings Corp.
https://companies.com/Host Hotels & Resorts Inc.
https://companies.com/MRC Global Inc.
https://companies.com/Simon Property Group Inc.
https://companies.com/Tractor Supply Company
https://companies.com/Gannett Co. Inc.
https://companies.com/Alaska Air Group Inc.
https://companies.com/Insight Enterprises Inc.
https://companies.com/McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
https://companies.com/Buckeye Partners L.P.
https://companies.com/Quintiles Transnational Holdings Inc.
https://companies.com/American Financial Group Inc.
https://companies.com/United Stationers Inc.
https://companies.com/Coach Inc.
https://companies.com/LKQ Corporation
https://companies.com/Noble Energy Inc.
https://companies.com/Bemis Company Inc.
https://companies.com/Joy Global Inc.
https://companies.com/Wyndham Worldwide Corporation
https://companies.com/NII Holdings Inc.
https://companies.com/Lorillard Inc.
https://companies.com/Alleghany Corporation
https://companies.com/Airgas Inc.
https://companies.com/First American Financial Corporation
https://companies.com/United Rentals Inc.